Chuu: Olivia Hye is filming!
(Olivia Hye is dancing!)
(And...)
(Go Won's dancing...!)
(It's a little bit different from other members' choreography)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)"
(Chuu & Go Won taking care of Olivia Hye, the youngest member of the 3rd unit!)
Olivia Hye: This is the preiilge of the youngest!
Go Won: The youngest member of our unit...
Go Won: Born in 2001, how cute!
Olivia Hye: You're born in 2000!
Olivia Hye: There is only a year differents in age!
Go Won: What? You're a lot younger than me!
Olivia Hye: Give her some respect, she's born in 20th century~
Olivia Hye: We're born in 21st century
Chuu: When I was babbling, you guys weren't even...
Olivia Hye: We're...
Olivia Hye: We're people of the 21st century!
Yves: Oh~ I see~
JInSoul: Guys, I'm here!
Yves: Right, the color that twinkling over there is JinSoul's representative color!
Olivia Hye: Guys, remember this! We're people of 21st century!
Olivia Hye: Twenty-one!
(She has to dance more intensely because she's the 21th century person!